S: "What if there was only nothing?"

T: "Define nothing."

S: "Nothing is the absence of time, space, energy, and matter."

T: "Do you mean for nothing to also include the absence of mathematics and the absence of all other imaginary objects?"

S: "Not necessarily. I define nothing to be just a lack of phenomena and not necessarily a lack of noumena."

T: "Is it possible for there to be only nounena."

S: "Yes. That is what I mean by nothing being the only thing that exists."

T: "Do you think that only noumena exist?"

S: "No. Otherwise you and I would not be having this conversation. If only noumena exists, then there would be no people (and you and I are specific persons) and there would be no sound waves traveling through the air emitted from vibrating vocal chords nor ear drums, cochlea, and brains to interpret those incoming sound waves as spoken words."

T: "I do not think it is ever possible for noumena to not exist even if no phenomena exist. Therefore, to answer your original question, I think that all possible noumena unconditionally exist and are indistinguishable from phenomena from an omniscient vantage (but there exist non omniscient vantages like mine and presumably yours such that only some phenomena and not all phenomena are observed within those partial scopes). For instance, I only see you as alive and not as dead at this time but, in a parallel universe which mirrors this universe almost identically, that parallel universe version of me sees your lifeless corpse on the floor instead of a living, breathing human sitting in the chair in front of me."

S: "Do you think that it is possible for you to consciously inhabit both of those universes simultaneously as T and see me as simultaneously dead and alive?"

T: "If all noumena exist as phenomena at the most macroscopic scope possible, then yes: somewhere in the multiverse, T is witnessing S as both alive in the chair and dead on the floor (but in order for that to be possible for T, T's awareness must not be restrained by laws of physics which seem to make such contradictory observations impossible)."

S: "Why are you in the universe in which I appear to be alive to you instead of dead to you?"

T: "I suppose I consciously or subconsciously chose to be in the universe in which you appear to be alive to me instead of the universe in which you appear to be dead to me."

epistemology 
